S: "It seems that people who are paid to mostly stand idly while occasionally doing some simple mechanical procedure on an assembly line for 12+ hour shifts most days of the week are literally being paid to indefinitely postpone academic goals in exchange for just enough income to afford rent, utilities, transportation to and from work, and a modicum of money leftover for slowly accumulating a nest egg or else spending on non-maintenance expenses. Such employees are presumably under qualified to work in customer service roles or else in skilled trades which require some kind of certificate earned after going through the requisite education and passing exams. It seems that it would be better for every one to replace human factory employees with robots while people who are laid off from their unskilled jobs are given a universal basic income to live on by the factories that laid them off (while robots offset that 'loss' of human labor such that the employer is not really losing any money)."

T: "The factories which lay off human employees while still paying them an income similar to what they would be earning if they still were required to clock into work for 12 hour shifts would probably run out of money since none of the laid off employees would have sufficient incentives to look for new work."

S: "I disagree. Humans tend to get depressed if they feel under utilized. Likely, many of those laid off employees would go to school to acquire the skills and certification they need to find more fulfilling careers. Perhaps the factories who lay off their human employees should promise to pay each of those employees a fixed amount of monthly income for up to five years (which is presumably a reasonable amount of time for those former employees to find new jobs)."

T: "That is a decent attempt to help and 'slave' labor and to help as many people as possible lead productive lives, yet you and I (and our author, Karlina Ray Beringer) have little control over what big corporations do. That is why I suggest we stop trying to save the poor and start trying to help ourselves. We do not want to think of ourselves as poor because that is disabling. We must think of ourselves as neither rich nor poor student-employees who are forever developing and forever adapting to a changing world."
